Cloud-init/config_example/README.md, before:

# Cloud-init Configuration File Examples for WALLIX

This directory contains JSON configuration files for various WALLIX PAM deployment scenarios:

## Available Example Files

- `config_basic.json`: Minimal Bastion configuration (users, passwords, FR keyboard)
- `config_access_manager.json`: Simple Access Manager
- `config_network.json`: Bastion with advanced network configuration (interfaces, VLAN, bonding)
- `config_loadbalancer.json`: Bastion with load balancer configuration
- `config_webadminpass_crypto.json`: Access Manager with WebAdmin password and encryption key
- `config_bastion_full.json`: Full Bastion configuration

## Using the Examples

Each file can be used with the generator by running:

```bash
python3 wallix_cloud_init_generator.py --config-file config_example/config_basic.json --output-dir output/basic
```

## Scenario Examples

### Basic Deployment

```bash
python3 wallix_cloud_init_generator.py --config-file config_example/config_basic.json --output-dir output/basic
```

### Load Balancer Configuration

```bash
python3 wallix_cloud_init_generator.py --config-file config_example/config_loadbalancer.json --output-dir output/lb
```

### Configuration with chpasswd (plain text passwords)

```bash
python3 wallix_cloud_init_generator.py --config-file config_example/config_with_chpasswd.json --output-dir output/chpasswd
```

### Advanced Network Configuration

```bash
python3 wallix_cloud_init_generator.py --config-file config_example/config_network.json --output-dir output/network
```

Refer to each JSON file for more details on specific configurations.

Commit message:

cloud-init: add hashed-passwords example and update generator/scripts
Add a new example config (config_hashed_passwords.json) and update the
config_example README. Adjust the run_examples.sh script and
wallix_cloud_init_generator.py to support the hashed-passwords example
and related workflow.
Some linting and logic were also made/updated.

Cloud-init/config_example/README.md, after:

# Cloud-init Configuration File Examples for WALLIX

This directory contains JSON configuration files for various WALLIX PAM deployment scenarios:

## Available Example Files

- `config_basic.json`: Minimal Bastion configuration (users, passwords, FR keyboard)
- `config_access_manager.json`: Simple Access Manager
- `config_network.json`: Bastion with advanced network configuration (interfaces, VLAN, bonding)
- `config_loadbalancer.json`: Bastion with load balancer configuration
- `config_webadminpass_crypto.json`: Access Manager with WebAdmin password and encryption key
- `config_bastion_full.json`: Full Bastion configuration
- `config_hashed_passwords.json`: **NEW** Bastion with SHA-512 hashed passwords for enhanced security

## Using the Examples

Each file can be used with the generator by running:

```bash
python3 wallix_cloud_init_generator.py --config-file config_example/config_basic.json --output-dir output/basic
```

## Scenario Examples

### Basic Deployment

```bash
python3 wallix_cloud_init_generator.py --config-file config_example/config_basic.json --output-dir output/basic
```

### Load Balancer Configuration

```bash
python3 wallix_cloud_init_generator.py --config-file config_example/config_loadbalancer.json --output-dir output/lb
```

### Configuration with chpasswd (plain text passwords)

```bash
python3 wallix_cloud_init_generator.py --config-file config_example/config_with_chpasswd.json --output-dir output/chpasswd
```

### Advanced Network Configuration

```bash
python3 wallix_cloud_init_generator.py --config-file config_example/config_network.json --output-dir output/network
```

### Enhanced Security with Hashed Passwords

```bash
python3 wallix_cloud_init_generator.py --config-file config_example/config_hashed_passwords.json --output-dir output/hashed
```

This example demonstrates the use of SHA-512 hashed passwords instead of plain text passwords for enhanced security. The configuration automatically:
- Generates SHA-512 password hashes with 656,000 rounds
- Uses `type: hash` in the chpasswd section
- Provides better security for cloud deployments
- Maintains compatibility with Linux shadow file format

Refer to each JSON file for more details on specific configurations.
